Update channelType.md (#225)
NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki: src/bdscript/channelType.md

```
$channelType[channel ID]
```

> > The different channel types that the bot will return are: `text`, `voice`, `category`, `thread`, `dm`, `stage`, `news` and `forum`.

Reviewer: The News channel type does not exist
```suggestion
> The different channel types that the bot will return are: `text`, `voice`, `category`, `thread`, `dm`, `stage`, `announcement` and `forum`.
```

Reviewer 2: Well BDFD return `announcement` as `news` tho

![Screenshot_20221101_003825](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95774950/199090082-b65500e1-2e47-4f8e-afb8-35deda8b5eba.png)

Reviewer: It will change soon

Reviewer 2: Oh! well...Thanks for the info.

> > The different channel types that the bot will retured are: `text`, `voice`, `category`, `thread`, `dm`, `stage`, `announcement` and `forum`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> The different channel types that the bot will return are: `text`, `voice`, `category`, `thread`, `dm`, `stage`, `news` and `forum`.
```
